Update security-reviewer.md (#315)
cncf/sig-security: assessments/guide/security-reviewer.md

It is preferred reviewers have previous experience performing formal or informal software or security audits or assessments for a variety of organizations.  An ideal reviewer should also have been the recipient of CNCF project security assessments for a software project they manage.  

> Note: it is encouraged to have participation (shadowing) from participants that are not yet qualified in order to provide and assist in gaining the necessary skills to be a reviewer in the future.

Reviewer: Unrelated to the changes here, but the more i read this, i think the original phrasing is a bit convoluted. I think it could be simplified to

"Participation through shadowing is encouraged from members who are not qualified for security reviews, to facilitate their development of the necessary skills to be a reviewer in the future."

Reviewer 2: concur with @lumjjb if ur cool with adding them in, that'd be gr8

> Note: it is encouraged to have participation (shadowing) from participants that are not yet qualified in order to provide and assist in gaining the necessary skills to be a reviewer in the future.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: Participation through shadowing is encouraged from members who are not qualified for security reviews, to facilitate their development of the necessary skills to be a reviewer in the future.
```

## Time and effort

> The level of effort for the reviewers is expected to be 10 hours per review. Correspondance, project availability, and clarification of a project's scope or other details in the ticketed request for project security assessment may require additional time, however, analysis is expected to be concluded in a few weeks.  Effort is expected to include and may not be limited to:

Reviewer: Feels like we could end it there and start a new sentence.

`may required additional time. However, analysis...`

> The level of effort for the reviewers is expected to be 10 hours per review. Correspondance, project availability, and clarification of a project's scope or other details in the ticketed request for project security assessment may require additional time, however, analysis is expected to be concluded in a few weeks.  Effort is expected to include and may not be limited to:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The level of effort for the reviewers is expected to be 10 hours per review. Correspondance, project availability, and clarification of a project's scope or other details in the ticketed request for project security assessment may require additional time. However, analysis is expected to be concluded in a few weeks.  Effort is expected to include and may not be limited to:
```
